Remove unique holders query (#268)
aptos-labs/create-aptos-dapp: CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

- Add support to define a client API Key

> - Remove `uniqueHolders` from token minting dapp template due to inefficient indexer query

Reviewer: this has already been fixed https://github.com/aptos-labs/create-aptos-dapp/pull/259

> - Remove `uniqueHolders` from token minting dapp template due to inefficient indexer query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove `uniqueHolders` from token minting dapp live example due to inefficient indexer query
```
